[EDU-2722] Adjust Accounts content (#366)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/manage-accounts/manage-profile/personal-token.mdx

---
title: How to manage a personal token
description: Find out how to use Personal Tokens on RTM.
meta_tags: account, rtm, token, personal token
namespace: docs_guides_personal_tokens
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/
---

> [Personal Tokens](/en/documentation/products/accounts/personal-tokens/) allow you to authenticate your access to interfaces and tools such as the [Azion CLI](/en/documentation/products/build/develop-with-azion/cli/) and [Azion API](https://api.azion.com). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Personal Tokens](/en/documentation/products/accounts/personal-tokens/) allow you to authenticate your access to interfaces and tools such as the [Azion CLI](/en/documentation/products/build/develop-with-azion/cli/) and [Azion API](/en/documentation/products/overview-azion-api/). 
```
